Voice Recording:

  Hi, this is Ali and this is Tasha. Welcome to our wedding hotline! <instrumental>

  Tasha: In a few moments you'll be connected to our automated assistant, Alisha. She'll walk you through the R.S.V.P. process.

  Ali: Sorry in advance if Alicia says your name wrong! I tried teaching her how to say it but you know, computers.

  Hola, soy Ali y soy Natasha. Bienvenidos a la línea directa para nuestra boda.

  Tasha: En unos momentos va a conectar con nuestra ayudante automatizada, Alicia. Ella va a ayudarle con el proceso de RSVP.

  Ali: Lo siento si Alicia dice su nombre incorrecto. Traté a enseñar a ella pero computadoras.

Alisha: Hi, I'm Alisha. To get started, please say or enter your six digit reservation code.

Party: 1 2 3 4 5 6

[Party Llama can't find party]

Alisha: Sorry, we couldn't find your reservation. Please say or enter your six digit reservation code.

[Party Llama finds party]

Alisha: Are we speaking with the Aguilars?

[?]

Alisha: Sorry, I didn't understand you. Are we speaking with the Aguilars?

[No]

Alisha: Whoops. Let's try that again. Please say or enter your six digit reservation code.

[Yes]

Alisha:

  Yay! Ali and Tasha are excited to hear from you!  

  You might remember some of the wedding details from the invitation, but I'll go over it briefly.

  The wedding will be in Baltimore, Maryland on Saturday, September 1st.

  There are two parts to the wedding. The day will start with the ceremony and picnic in Patterson Park. Then after a siesta, we'll meet in the evening for the cake reception and party at the Douglass-Myers Maritime Museum.

  Let's start with the ceremony and picnic in Patterson Park. I found an invitation for Freddy, Mary, Moises, Chi-chi, Issy, and Micha.

  Will everyone be attending the ceremony and picnic in Patterson Park?

[?]

Alisha: Sorry, I didn't understand you. Will everyone be attending the ceremony and picnic in Patterson Park?

[No]

Alisha: No worries, we'll confirm everyone individually. Will Freddy be attending the ceremony and picnic in Patterson Park?

...

[Yes]

Alisha: Ok, got it. Now we'll move on to the cake reception and party at the Douglass-Myers Maritime Museum. Will everyone be attending  the cake reception and party at the Douglass-Myers Maritime Museum?
